---
layout: post
title:  "5 New Ways to Decorate Your Plain Old Coffee Tables"
description: "An Article I wrote for Taylor B"
date: 2018-10-16
banner_preview: blog1.jpg
banner_image: blog-banner1.jpg
category: Blog
tags: [web design, blogging]
---

Furnished mahogany wood latched on to 4 long but stable rectangular supports. Reflective mirrored surfaces modeled after diamonds. Long gone are the simple pieces of driftwood that had been shaped into an awkward peasants’ table. Today, coffee tables have transformed and evolved to come in many shapes and sizes. Along with these new designs, stunning new interior designs are born.

##1. Au Naturel with a Modern Vibe

Minimalism has definitely taken the home design industry by storm. However, minimalism does not necessarily mean monotone. In fact, a splash of colour will definitely help imbue your guests with a sense of intrigue and comfort. If you are a fan of the subtleties of minimalism, try sticking to an earthy tone when shopping for living room decor. Get a glass table and set some white decor on it. A simple and low maintenance method to add some colour is to set a succulent to your table. The

##2. Two is Always Better
They always say the more the merrier. Why get one table when you can get two? Guests are already used to seeing a coffee table in the house. No matter how well you doll up a coffee table, the odds are that people will no longer be blown away or, even, intrigued by your decor. Which is why, one may not be enough.

Drawing inspiration from The Scandinavian Home’s decorative scheme of ‘Tall and small stand side-by-side’, try layering your tables. The tall and small tables will add a quirky and artistic style to your living room while also charming your guest with its unique structure. To complete the design, set a single similar looking item on each table. This will help the tables feel like ‘twins’ and add a more mystery to your home.

##3. Sensible Clutter
In the true spirit of the newly reopened Kettle’s Park in the UK, add a sense of uniqueness and personality to your boring old coffee table by showcasing some wooden antiques and collectibles. This will exhibit your personality as well as interests and adds a sense of homeliness to the house. The items can also help start a conversation with a first-time guest, making them feel more at home in a new environment.

Remember to play around with the different heights of your items and add a splash of colour. You could even add some books, candles and a tea set for the perfect afternoon read.

##4. Centre of Gravity
Not everyone can handle putting together a clutter on a coffee table, especially if the table is to be used practically. However, what is a home interior without some personal touch? To achieve that equilibrium between neat sensuality and a splash of personality, place a plant, perhaps your favourite scented candles and a small decorative piece that represents you on a small decorative tray and set it in the middle of the coffee table. The tray will help hold the design together and add a layer of sophistication to your personality. Feel free to add a book (perhaps the latest edition of Harper’s Bazaar or It by Alexa Chung) to boast your literary prowess to the rest of the world.

##5. Single Artifact
Sometimes, less is more and, in some scenarios, a lone decor may spell elegance. Rather than clutter your table with too many goods, try a single and simple item in the middle of the table. This works especially well with mirror surfaced tables and uniquely shaped tables as the added item will add an element of class to the table while not taking away the attention from the wonderful workmanship of the table.
